---
title: Log - Sprint 40 🛫
description: Flight Log of Co-Creation Activities
slug: flight-log-40
tags: [log, sprint ]
---

## Work in Progress
- During the meeting, the team focused on addressing an error related to a mainframe use case. The initial steps involved utilizing an existing SFTP CD Partner. After updating the partner password and successfully logging in, an attempt was made to send a file through the SFTP Server, resulting in a failed status. 
- The error message indicated route failures and lack of delivery plans, prompting a closer look at individual routes for insights into the failures. Examination of the "Sub-Process Detail" highlighted an issue with locating the local server in Sterling Connect Direct.
- To troubleshoot further, the team accessed the B2Bi console, navigating to Deployment -> Configuration to review the service configuration. The team made changes to the ekscd1 adapter, changing the group from CDGROUP1 to NONE. Despite these efforts, the file upload error persisted. The team turned to the Operations -> System -> logs section and examined the cdinterop.log. A new partner creation attempt yielded an unexpected "Failure" message, followed by unsuccessful attempts to stop, restart, and start the adapter again.
- Suspecting that the adapter's stoppage might be the root cause of the local node recognition issue, the team disabled the previous adapter and generated a copy. However, this new adapter encountered similar start-up problems and remained non-operational. 
## Currently Tracking
- The team opened a support ticket on this issue. The ticket number is TS013942206
## Next Steps
- The team will work closely with the support team to begin to trouble shoot the issue.
- If possible the team will try and replicate the issue in our environment. 
- **Cases open: 1**
  - Case TS013942206
- **Cases closed: 7**
  - Case TS013825812
  - Case TS013430052
  - case TS012906539
  - case TS013042929
  - case TS012831699
  - case TS012704616
  - case TS012702956  
- [ibm-client-engineering/solution-sfg-aws#12](https://zenhub.ibm.com/workspaces/st5-action-information-center-64343620d0cfd0000f03a114/issues/ibm-client-engineering/solution-sfg-aws/12)
- This flight log is being submitted via PR "08/18/2023 Documentation"