---
title: Log - Sprint 42 🛫
description: Flight Log of Co-Creation Activities
slug: flight-log-42
tags: [log, sprint ]
---

## Work in Progress
- Today the team briefly discussed the KMS S3 cross account use case and gave some clarity on its implementation.
- During the last session, the team was encountering a "Sterling Connect Direct unable to locate local server" error and we inferred that this was due to the C:D adapter being in a stopped state. So, we went into this session with the intention of troubleshooting the adapter. However, the adapter was in an "enabled" state and we were able to use it as normal. The team checked the pod and noticed that the pod recently restarted before our session. The team speculated that the pod restarting resolved the adapter issue. 
- The team then continued with the previous mainframe use case and the team was able to push to the mainframe and complete the use case.
## Currently Tracking
- The customer is continuing to work with his team to implement and test the S3 solution.
- We have closed ticket TS013942206 that dealt with this "Sterling Connect Direct unable to locate local server" error.
## Next Steps
- The team will continue to move forward and complete new use cases.
- **Cases open: 0**
- **Cases closed: 8**
  - Case TS013942206
  - Case TS013825812
  - Case TS013430052
  - case TS012906539
  - case TS013042929
  - case TS012831699
  - case TS012704616
  - case TS012702956  
- [ibm-client-engineering/solution-sfg-aws#10](https://zenhub.ibm.com/workspaces/st5-action-information-center-64343620d0cfd0000f03a114/issues/ibm-client-engineering/solution-sfg-aws/10)
- This flight log is being submitted via PR "08/25/2023 Documentation" 